# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

---

## [1.3.0]

### Added
- Raised a `ValueError` if `_run_systemctl()` is called before the service name is set.
- Added *Sphinx* documentation generator modules to the `pyproject.toml` file.
  - Added the `recommonmark` module to support parsing `.md` files.
- Ran `sphinx-quickstart` to setup the basic Sphinx documentation directory structure
- Configured *Sphinx* and linked autogenerated documentation on [ReadTheDocs](https://systemctl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).


### Changed
- Minor refactor of the constant files

---

## [1.2.3] - 2025-11-04

### Added
- Imported the code from [Db4E](https://github.com/NadimGhaznavi/db4e)
- Renamed the project from `db4e-systemd` to `systemctl`
- Updated the DNS `CNAME` and the actual DNS record with GoDaddy where *osoyalce.com* is hosted.
- Moved all of the magic strings into constants files.

### Fixed
- Fixed the `.github/workflows/python-publish.yml` file.

---

## [1.2.2] - 2025-06-26
- BugFix: stop() wasn't returning the return code.

---

## [1.2.1] - 2025-06-26
- BugFix: Included the updated code (double DOH).

---

## [1.2.0] - 2025-06-26
- BugFix: Fixed clash between method and property (service_name) names.
- Feature: When start(), stop(), enable() or disable() is called, return the returncode.
- BugFix: All sysemctl commands require sudo, except for status.
- Docs: Added additional documention around limiting access with sudo.

---

## [1.1.1] - 2025-06-26
- BugFix: Included the updated code (DOH)

---

## [1.1.0] - 2025-06-26
- Feature: Added enable() to enable startup at boot time
- Feature: Added disable() to disable startup at boot time
These features require sudo access. 

---

## [1.0.2] - 2025-06-25
- BugFix: status() was calling \_run_systemd() with an extra arg
- BugFix: start() was calling \_run_systemd() with an extra arg
- BugFix: stop() was calling \_run_systemd() with an extra arg

---

## [1.0.1] - 2025-06-25
### Fixed
- BugFix: __init__ was calling status() with an extra arg
